TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN 						Feb 18th, 2016

This will confirm that HCL America Inc. has an agreement with Microinfo IT Inc. under which Microinfo IT Inc. provides to us various information technology and consulting services. The agreement defines various terms, including goals and objectives, services and responsibilities, charges for services, confidentiality, intellectual property protection, indemnity, liabilities and related matters.

Pursuant to this contractual agreement, our company will utilize the service of Mr. Robert Wilson Sagar as a Programmer Analyst on a contractual basis for our client, located at 9800 Fredericksburg Rd, San Antonio, Texas, 78288. We have a long term contract with USAA for providing IT services, the terms of which are confidential and proprietary and which we are legally prohibited from disclosure.

In this assignment with HCL America Inc. Mr. Robert Wilson Sagar will be performing the following professional duties as a Programmer Analyst:
•	Use different techniques to effectively gather the requirements, analyze the requirements and document the requirements.
•	Write code for Big Data Development using technologies such as Java, REST, Pig, Hive and UNIX for the Big Data platform.
•	Develop Database scripts and procedures as necessary.
•	Write and execute test cases.
•	Participate in code reviews to ensure the creation of  high quality, robust code

The minimum requirements for performing these duties are a U.S. equivalent baccalaureate degree in engineering, computer science, information systems or a closely related field with applicable experience.

HCL America’s financial client’s project duration is for three years and I fully anticipate that Mr. Robert Wilson Sagar will continue to work on the project as long as his services are required.

Thank you for your attention to this matter. Please contact our office if you have any questions or need more information.

Yours Sincerely,



Logs
Title
210-464-8491
HCL Technologies Ltd



